INT-4444: Introduce `@Reactive` & `reactive()` (#3503)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/dsl.adoc

IMPORTANT: If you use the DSL to construct a `PollerSpec` as a `@Bean`, do not call the `get()` method in the bean definition.
The `PollerSpec` is a `FactoryBean` that generates the `PollerMetadata` object from the specification and initializes all of its properties.

[[java-dsl-reactive]]
=== The `reactive()` Endpoint

> Starting with version 5.5, the `ConsumerEndpointSpec` provide a `reactive()` configuration property with an optional customizer `Function<? super Flux<Message<?>>, ? extends Publisher<Message<?>>>`.
> This option makes the target endpoint as a `ReactiveStreamsConsumer` instance independently of the input channel type, which is turned to the `Flux` via `IntegrationReactiveUtils.messageChannelToFlux()`.
> The provided function is used from the `Flux.transform()` operator to customize (`publishOn()`, `log()`, `doOnNext()` etc.) a reactive stream source from the input channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.5, the `ConsumerEndpointSpec` provides a `reactive()` configuration property with an optional customizer `Function<? super Flux<Message<?>>, ? extends Publisher<Message<?>>>`.
This option configures the target endpoint as a `ReactiveStreamsConsumer` instance, independently of the input channel type, which is converted to a `Flux` via `IntegrationReactiveUtils.messageChannelToFlux()`.
The provided function is used from the `Flux.transform()` operator to customize (`publishOn()`, `log()`, `doOnNext()` etc.) a reactive stream source from the input channel.
```
